_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. Suspendisse condimentum, libero vel tempus mattis, risus risus vulputate libero, elementum fermentum mi neque vel nisl. Maecenas facilisis maximus dignissim. Curabitur mattis vulputate dui, tincidunt varius libero luctus eu. Mauris mauris nulla, scelerisque eget massa id, tincidunt congue felis. Sed convallis tempor ipsum rhoncus viverra. Pellentesque nulla orci, accumsan volutpat fringilla vitae, maximus sit amet tortor. Aliquam ultricies odio ut volutpat scelerisque. Donec nisl nisl, porttitor vitae pharetra quis, fringilla sed mi. Fusce pretium dolor ut aliquam consequat. Cras volutpat, tellus accumsan mattis molestie, nisl lacus tempus massa, nec malesuada tortor leo vel quam. Aliquam vel ex consectetur, vehicula leo nec, efficitur eros. Donec convallis non urna quis feugiat.

My research interest includes neural machine translation and computer vision. I have published more than 100 papers at the top international AI conferences with total <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ'>google scholar citations <strong><span id='total_cit'>260000+</span></strong></a> (You can also use google scholar badge <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ'><img src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url={{ url | url_encode }}&logo=Google%20Scholar&labelColor=f6f6f6&color=9cf&style=flat&label=citations"></a>).


# 🔥 News
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 📝 Publications 

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">CVPR 2016</div><img src='images/500x300.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

[Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2016/papers/He_Deep_Residual_Learning_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)

**Kaiming He**, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun

[**Project**](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=zh-CN&user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ&citation_for_view=DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC) <strong><span class='show_paper_citations' data='DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC'></span></strong>
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
</div>
</div>

- [Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet](https://github.com), A, B, C, **CVPR 2020**

# 🎖 Honors and Awards
- *2021.10* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.09* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 📖 Educations
- *2019.06 - 2022.04 (now)*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2015.09 - 2019.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 💬 Invited Talks
- *2021.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.03*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet.  \| [\[video\]](https://github.com/)

# 💻 Internships
- *2019.05 - 2020.02*, [Lorem](https://github.com/), China.

Commit message:

I have updated my personal information, honors, and research experiences
更新了我的个人经历、科研经历、学习经历、荣誉等信息

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

# Current
I am currently striving to pursue a Ph.D. opportunity with a focus on the intersection of life sciences and artificial intelligence.

# About me
I'm Jack Wu(武杰克), a third-year undergraduate student at the <span style="color:#1bd1a5;">J[Department of Life Sciences and Medicine](http://enbiomed.ustc.edu.cn/main.htm)</span>,<span style="color:#1bd1a5;">J[University of Science and Technology of China](https://www.ustc.edu.cn/)</span>.

# Education
- *Sept.2021---June 2025*：in B.Sc. in Biotechnology,Department of Life Sciences and Medicine,University of Science and Technology of China (expected)
- *Sept.2018---June 2021*:The Middle School Attached To Northwestern Polytechnical University

# 🔥 News
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# Honors and Awards
- Outstanding Undergraduate Scholarship, Bronze award 2022, 2021

# Activities

- "From September 2021 to June 2022: Studied intestinal microbiota and its relevance to immunology in Professor Liu Qiang's laboratory."

- "From January 2023 to October 2023: Under the guidance of Professor Zhou Congzhao, conducted screening of cyanobacteria and isolation of relevant phages from samples of Nest Lake water, followed by genome analysis."

- "From December 2022 to September 2023: Under the supervision of Professor Xu Xiaorong, engaged in the design and manufacture of sustained-release biodegradable drug needles for the treatment of necrotizing fasciitis."

- "From September 2023 to the present: Interning in Professor Duan Yi's laboratory, learning techniques related to animal experiments, while also studying the application of machine learning in genomics under the guidance of Professor Chen Wuyang."

These translations provide a formal and academic tone to your experiences.

# 📝 Publications 

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">CVPR 2016</div><img src='images/500x300.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

[Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2016/papers/He_Deep_Residual_Learning_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)

**Kaiming He**, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun

[**Project**](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=zh-CN&user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ&citation_for_view=DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC) <strong><span class='show_paper_citations' data='DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC'></span></strong>
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
</div>
</div>

- [Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet](https://github.com), A, B, C, **CVPR 2020**

# 🎖 Honors and Awards
- *2021.10* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.09* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 📖 Educations
- *2019.06 - 2022.04 (now)*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2015.09 - 2019.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 💬 Invited Talks
- *2021.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.03*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet.  \| [\[video\]](https://github.com/)

# 💻 Internships
- *2019.05 - 2020.02*, [Lorem](https://github.com/), China.
